# Welcome to Season 1, Gamers

We are proud to introduce to you Season 1 of the DSA S4 Wirk Online Gaming Community!
We hope you will enjoy participating over the next few weeks, and maybe win some prizes and bragging rights along the way!

## How does it work?

Season 1 will last a total of roughly 10 weeks, starting from 4th March 2024 until 12th May 2024.
Over the course of the Season, you will be given various opportunities to earn Season Points.
These can be earned through participating in competitions, being active in the server, and winning tournaments!

At the end of the Season, the Top 3 players with the highest points will be awarded a small voucher for a Games store of their Choice (Steam, Xbox, PS, or similar).
Although there is a prize, we encourage you all to participate in all events and competitions regardless, and hope this system can be a small motivation for you to get involved, or at least outperform your company rivals :wink:.

## How can I earn points?

There is a maximum possible score of 1000 points that can be earned, if you manage to participate in every event, utilise every single score multiplier and bonus, and win every single competition.
Not an easy feat!
But just being involved will get you a long way: there are over 300 points available just by taking part in every event and challenge.

## Events

A more detailed description of upcoming tournament events will be provided in the [news]() channel closer to the time.
For now, the planned points breakdown is outlined below:

### Grand Opening (50 Season Points available):
  * Participation: 50 Season Points
### Seasonal Survey (100 Season Points available):
  * Participation: 100 Season Points
### Weekly Meme competition (75 Season Points available):
  * Participation: 5 Season Points
  * Winner (meme with most reactions): 25 Season Points
### Bi-Weekly Clip Competition (150 Season Points available):
  * Participation: 10 Season Points
  * Winner (clip with most reactions): 50 Season Points
  * Bonus multiplier 1.5x Participation and Win Points for all featured members, if clips feature more than one member of the Gaming Social Club
### International OGSC Tournament (250 Season Points available):
  * Will be played in Squads, Squads can be organised yourself, external players are also welcome.
  * Game TBC, based on survey responses
  * Participation: 25 Season Points
  * 1st Place: 200 Season Points
  * 2nd Place: 150 Season Points
  * 3rd Place: 100 Season Points
  * Bonus +25 Season Points if your team contains mixed DSA/S4/Wirk team members
### Local OGSC LAN Tournament (25 Season Points available):
  * Game TBC, based on survey responses
  * Participation: 50 Season Points
  * 1st Place: 200 Season Points 
  * 2nd Place: 150 Season Points 
  * 3rd Place: 100 Season Points
### OGSC Server Top Rank (125 Season Points available):
  * Rank is measured by the Probot /rank command at the end of the season. 
  * 1st Place: 125 Season Points
  * 2nd Place: 100 Season Points
  * 3rd Place: 75 Season Points
  * 4th Place: 50 Season Points
  * 5th Place: 25 Season Points

### DSWOG Grand Opening

We want to celebrate the formal opening of the Gaming Server! Your moderation team will be available in the server on 1st May 2024 from 7pm for you to say hello, answer any questions or suggestions, and also to play games of course!
A participation reward is offered (just a simple hello in the voice call server is sufficient :))

Points:
 - 50 Season Points: Say hello to your fellow OGSC members and be present at the Grand Opening
 - Total: 50 Season Points available

### DWSOG Survey

So, we are all a little new to this, and we are also not exactly sure how we want to plan things in the future.
To help us know what you like and what we can do to make the server the best it can possibly be for you, we have prepared a short survey to ask you about what games you play, what kinds of events you are interested in, etc.
The survey will also be the most important influencing decision for which games are played in the Season 1 Tournaments.
So, let your voice be heard, and be rewarded for your time with some sweet points!

Points:
 - 100 Season Points: Complete the Survey
 - Total: 100 points available

### Weekly Meme competition

So you think you're a gamer with a sense of humour?
Put it to the test and enter the weekly OGSC Meme Competition.
The rules are simple: Post a meme in the [memes]() channel, and the meme that gets the most reactions in that week will be deemed the winner!
This competition can only be won by a user once per season, so there are plenty of chances to win!
And participation always earny points, so there is no reason not to get involved!

Points:
- 5 Season Points: Participate in the Meme Competition.
  Participation means:
  - Post a meme to the Meme channel during the Competition period.
  Memes must be gaming related, (and funny!).
  - React to at least one meme from another member.
  - Multiple memes can be posted (this is encouraged!)
- 25 Season Points: Earned if your meme has the most total reactions at the end of the competition.
  - You must have satisfied all participation requirements to be deemed a winner (i.e. you must vote for at least one other meme).
  - You can win at most one meme competition per season.
  If a meme you post has the most reactions when you have already won, the meme will be excluded from the points calculation.
  - If multiple memes have the highest amount of reactions, all memes will be deemed winners. 
- Total: 75 Season Points available

### Bi-Weekly Clip Competition

Very similar to the meme competition, however here we want you see your entertaining, skillful, or hilarious clips!
Post a clip of you playing a game of your choice in the [clips]() channel, and the clip with the most reactions at the end of the competition period will be deemed the winner.
Participation is always rewarded, and a bonus multiplier is also offered for clips including more than one OGSC member!

Points:
- 10 Season Points: Participate in the Clip competition.
Participation means:
  - Post a Clip to the [clips]() channel during the competition period.
  - React to at least one other clip.
  - Multiple clips can be posted.
- 50 Season Points: Earned if your clip has the most total reactions at the end of the competition period.
Same rules as for the Meme competition apply (cannot win more than once per season, must vote for other entries).
- 1.5x Season Points Multiplier: Your Participation and Win score will be multiplied if your clip features more than one OGSC Member, who is also an employee of DSA, S4 or Wirk.
This bonus is applied to all members featured in the clip.
- If a clip featuring multiple members wins, all members featured in the clip will earn the winners points.
- Total: 150 Season Points available



